c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Excavation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\profont.png
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\excav-bg.png
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\profont.png_meta
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\mars-bg.png
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\miner.png
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\miner.png_meta
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Maps\rocks.map
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\diamond.png
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\dirt.png
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\iron.png
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\marsium.png
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\stone.png
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\shop.png
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\shop.png_meta
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\shop-bg.png
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\shop_alreadypurchased.png
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\shop_exit.png
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\shop_purchase.png
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\shop_energyrestore.png
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\shop_healthrestore.png
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\shop_no.png
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\shop_sellcargo.png
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\shop_yes.png
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\shop_poor1.png
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\shop_poor2.png
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\dead.png
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\EXCAVATION.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\EXCAVATION.application
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\EXCAVATION.exe
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\EXCAVATION.pdb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\EXCAVATION.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\EXCAVATION.application
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\EXCAVATION.exe
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\EXCAVATION.pdb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\websocket-sharp.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\websocket-sharp.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\loading-overlay.png
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\excav-topmask.png
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Boop.wav
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Thrust.wav
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Boop.xnb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Thrust.xnb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Drill.xnb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Drill.wav
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Boom.wav
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Boom.xnb
